Add section for procedure calls against the system database (#3158)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/procedures/call-procedures.adoc

| []

2+d|Rows: 4
|===

> == Procedure calls against the `system` database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Procedure calls on the `system` database
```

> When run against the `system` database, the queries are more restricted, as most Cypher clauses are not allowed there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When run on the `system` database, the queries are more restricted, as most Cypher clauses are not allowed there.
```

Standalone procedure calls are allowed, as well as procedure calls with `YIELD` and `RETURN` clauses.

> Additionally, starting with Neo4j 2026.06, they can include the `WHERE` clause.

Author: do we also want to mention how they can be combined with the composable (show/terminate) commands? 🤔  (or at least the ones in that group that can be run on system)

Reviewer: Yeah, sounds good to me.

Author: added something about it

| []

2+d|Rows: 4
|===

> == Procedure calls against system database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Procedure calls against the `system` database
```

> While not all procedures are allowed to run against the system database, there are those that are allowed.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this sentence.

> When run against the system database, the queries are more restricted as most Cypher clauses are not allowed on the system database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When run against the `system` database, queries are more restricted, as most Cypher clauses are not allowed there.
```

Standalone procedure calls are allowed, as well as procedure calls with `YIELD` and `RETURN` clauses.

> Additionally, from Neo4j 2026.06, they can have the `WHERE` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, starting with Neo4j 2026.06, they can include the `WHERE` clause.
```

> === Procedure call against system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Call a procedure on the `system` database
```

.Procedure call
[source, cypher]
----
USE system
CALL db.index.fulltext.listAvailableAnalyzers()
YIELD analyzer
RETURN analyzer
ORDER BY analyzer

> LIMIT 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LIMIT 5;
```

----

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===
| analyzer

| "arabic"
| "armenian"
| "basque"
| "brazilian"
| "bulgarian"

1+d|Rows: 5
|===

[role=label--new-2026.06]

> === Procedure call with `WHERE` against system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Call a procedure combined with `WHERE` on the `system` database

```

.Procedure call
[source, cypher]
----
USE system
CALL db.index.fulltext.listAvailableAnalyzers()
YIELD analyzer, description
WHERE analyzer = 'swedish'

> RETURN description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RETURN description;
```

| []

2+d|Rows: 4
|===

== Procedure calls on the `system` database

When run on the `system` database, the queries are more restricted, as most Cypher clauses are not allowed there.
Standalone procedure calls are allowed, as well as procedure calls with `YIELD` and `RETURN` clauses.
Starting with Neo4j 2026.05 in Cypher 25, procedure calls can be combined with those of the composable commands that are allowed on the `system` database.
Additionally, starting with Neo4j 2026.06, they can include the `WHERE` clause.

=== Call a procedure on the `system` database

.Procedure call
[source, cypher]
----
USE system
CALL db.index.fulltext.listAvailableAnalyzers()
YIELD analyzer
RETURN analyzer
ORDER BY analyzer
LIMIT 5;
----

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===
| analyzer

| "arabic"
| "armenian"
| "basque"
| "brazilian"
| "bulgarian"

1+d|Rows: 5
|===

[role=label--new-2026.05 label--cypher-25]
=== Call a procedure combined with `SHOW DATABASES` on the `system` database

> A subset of the composable commands are allowed on the `system` database and can be combined with procedure calls there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subset of the composable commands is allowed on the `system` database and can be combined with procedure calls.
```
